Restructure html label section and add word-spacing (#9249)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/style_library/label_settings.rst

* the :guilabel:`Opacity`
* and :guilabel:`Allow HTML Formatting` enables the use of a subset of HTML tags and CSS rules to customize the label.

At the bottom of the tab, a widget shows a filterable list of compatible items
stored in your :ref:`style manager database <vector_style_manager>`.
This allows you to easily configure the current text format or label setting
based on an existing one, and also save a new item to the style database:
Press the :guilabel:`Save format...` or :guilabel:`Save settings...` button
and provide a name and tag(s).

.. note:: When configuring a :guilabel:`Label Settings` item, text format items
 are also available in this widget. Select one to quickly overwrite the current
 :ref:`textual properties <text_format>` of the label.
 Likewise, you can create/overwrite a text format from there.

.. _labels_text_html:

Allow HTML Formatting
.....................

With :guilabel:`Allow HTML Formatting` enabled, you need to provide the HTML code in the :guilabel:`Value` field.
Use whitespaces instead of tabs for any kind of indentation.
The expression is parsed and any supported HTML tag overrides its corresponding setting in the labels properties.

> It is impossible to list every supported HTML tag and CSS property. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is impossible to list every supported HTML tags and CSS properties. 
```
Should this be?

Author: Good point, it is very well possible to list all of the supported subset of html tags and css properties from the qt documentation [here](https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/richtext-html-subset.html). I will change that.

Reviewer: my comment was only about plural form and new paragraph. and I'm happy that we invite people to explore and find out what we didn't mention. Not sure we already cover everything the qt docs mentions.

Author: I see, but I actually like that we link to the qt documentation. It is quite nicely structured and to the point.

Be courageous and explore!

Supported CSS properties include:

* Font properties (``color``, ``font-family``, ``font-size``, ``font-weight``, ``font-style``, ``word-spacing``). 

>   Note that ``word-spacing`` will always use unit px.

Reviewer: The issue reports says `point unit`, not pixel afaict.

Reviewer: Well better trust code than pr comment 😄  but the comment is unclear to me. @nyalldawson mind clarifying, please? Thanks.

Reviewer 2: It's definitely points

Author: Thanks for the clarification Nyall

> * Text decorations such as underline, strikethrough and overline (``text-decoration``)

Reviewer: Have you tested whether `text-decoration` actually works?

Author: Good point. Text decorations are already available for some time and were also mentioned in the docs before, just without mentioning the actual css property text-decoration.
I checked it with the current LTR just to be sure and it works:
![Uploading ltr_text_decorations.png…]()

* Text alignment (``vertical-align``)

> Supported tags include superscript and subscript, where the text will be vertically :sup:`super` or 

Reviewer: Where do now land the mention of support of <b>, <i>, <u> tags?

Author: I will restructure the html tags and css properties section together with your other suggestions and mention it there.

* the :guilabel:`Opacity`
* and :guilabel:`Allow HTML Formatting` enables the use of a subset of HTML tags and CSS rules to customize the label.

At the bottom of the tab, a widget shows a filterable list of compatible items
stored in your :ref:`style manager database <vector_style_manager>`.
This allows you to easily configure the current text format or label setting
based on an existing one, and also save a new item to the style database:
Press the :guilabel:`Save format...` or :guilabel:`Save settings...` button
and provide a name and tag(s).

.. note:: When configuring a :guilabel:`Label Settings` item, text format items
 are also available in this widget. Select one to quickly overwrite the current
 :ref:`textual properties <text_format>` of the label.
 Likewise, you can create/overwrite a text format from there.

.. _labels_text_html:

Allow HTML Formatting
.....................

With :guilabel:`Allow HTML Formatting` enabled, you need to provide the HTML code in the :guilabel:`Value` field.
Use whitespaces instead of tabs for any kind of indentation.
The expression is parsed and any supported HTML tag overrides its corresponding setting in the labels properties.

> An exhaustive list of the supported subset of HTML tags and CSS properties can be found `here <https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/richtext-html-subset.html>`_.

Reviewer: @folinimarc Maybe do I misunderstand or nitpick but we do not yet support all these tags/properties, do we? They are more like targets afaict, "to be supported".

Reviewer 2: Correct, we only support a small subset of them:

- font colour
- font size
- font family 
- bold
- italic
- strike through 
- underline/overline
- super/subscript

Author: Thank you both for bringing this up and the clarification! I should have seen this myself in the source code. Will update the PR next week as soon as I am back at my laptop.

Reviewer 2: @folinimarc it might worth waiting till https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pull/58716 is merged, since that also relates

Examples of supported HTML tags:

* Text formatting, such as italic or bold, e.g.:

  .. code:: html

    <i>QGIS</i> <b>rocks!</b>

* Superscript and subscript, where the text will be vertically :sup:`super` or 
  :sub:`sub` aligned and automatically sized to 2/3 of the parent font size.
  You can also set a fixed font size for the superscript/subscript
  by including css rules, e.g.:

  .. code:: html

    <sup style="font-size:33pt">my superscript text</sup>

Examples of supported CSS properties:

* Font properties (``color``, ``font-family``, ``font-size``, ``font-weight``, ``font-style``, ``word-spacing``).
  Note that ``word-spacing`` will always use unit points.
* Text decorations such as underline, overline and line-through (``text-decoration``)
* Text alignment (``vertical-align``)

CSS properties can be set on HTML tags with the style attribute.

> The HTML tag span does not apply any formatting to text by itself and is ideal if you just want to apply CSS styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTML tag ``span`` does not apply any formatting to text by itself and is ideal if you just want to apply CSS styling.
```
